[Music]
Hey, hey, hey.
I got I
[Music]
NL.
Nat.
[Music]
Hey. Hey.
Dashing With the fro
every
[Music]
song tonight.
Oh, I'm daddy. I'm daddy.
Ringles all the way.
Oh, what fun it is to slay.
For whatever,
whatever reason,
I I struggled to perform this song on
piano. I don't even know why. It's not a
hard song to perform on piano.
For whatever reason, my brain just
wouldn't remember how to play it every
time I tried.
So, it took me a little bit longer than
necessary to do this song. Midnight.
Singer
song.
Get a green carpet
oil.
[Music]
Pop in.
I'm Greek flow. I'm Greek flow. Gorgon
Hey.
[Music]
Hey. And see
all the way.
Oh, what fun it is to hunt.
Oh, what fun it is to hunt,
if you know what I mean.
I'm Creek Flow.
If you know what I mean.
Oh, Ember, how nice. Too bad. Uh, we're
done.
Nice.
I released Baddy.
Daddy, you're released.
Daddy said any world.
Okay. Anyway, um, welcome to the stream.
This is our first post 11 pony step
stream.
Um, welcome.
Uh,
I hope you guys like the album.
I like the album. I wonder if it's in
panel day yet.
Let's take a look.
That's my website. Uh
I do not see no love and pony step.
One day, one day love and pony step.
Daddy said it like just came out.
Uh, I haven't listened to the Clips
album yet, but I'm going to.
I definitely need to.
Um,
there I have I have a really big back
catalog of music to listen to.
Um,
a I have I've actually never listened to
a Death H heaven album.
Uh, but I heard the
what was it? The Kex some of the KXP
stuff from this past month and I was
like that sounds pretty cool. So, I'm
going to listen to that. And despite the
Swan super fan that I am, I actually
still have not listened to Birthing.
I listen to McKinley Dixon. This album
is amazing, but it's McKinley Dixon. He
doesn't have a bad album necessarily.
Um
um here's the thing. I I think
personally
cuz I've I've seen this comment floating
around of people being like cuz cuz the
like God is sort of about and Love and
Pony Stuff came out in the same day. I
think it's really strange to to compare
the two, especially because like
the way I see it,
uh, Clips is the the Clips album is an
artist by is is an album, you know, by
two by two rappers
who haven't come out with an album since
what was it, 2009.
And
love and pony step is like an is
completely, you know, far away from
uh
stylistically being or culturally
especially being culturally relevant.
And to me now, I'm not I'm not
suggesting that this is the way you're
being. Um but what I am saying is that
when I see the comment of being like,
"Oh, Love and Pony Step is like so much
better than that clips album." I'm like,
I think it's really fascinating to say
that about, you know, an album by two
black artists.
Um,
comparing that to me, I'm like half
white and definitely not black. Um, and
and making this as this like assertion
that they need to be pit against each
other for some reason and that when
they're pit against each other, it's
like the we're we're we're punching down
on on the two black artists. I think I
think that's a strange thing to do. You
know what I mean? Not saying that's how
you were being, but like the the
comments that I've seen of people
bringing up Love and Pony Stein clips in
the same vein is like there's definitely
a racist component to it. I think
whether intentional or unintentional.
Um, I think we need to we we need to
like for the most part stop pitting
artists and art against each other in
general, but
um,
you know, that's that's my thoughts on
it
cuz there there is a lot of there is a
lot of racism on uh, album of the year
and regular music.
Again, not saying that's that's the way
you were viewing, but definitely good to
think good thing to think about. Um, I
listened to the Billy Woods album and so
far
it might be my album of the year, the
Billy Woods.
And uh I I have a I I will have a hard
time trying to
give my thoughts on the Billy Woods
album cuz like
really really really well done album
that's like devastating to the point of
like existential crisis.
And the thing is is that I I discovered
Billy Woods in uh 2023
with well I I first heard of Maps, but
the first album I actually listened to
was Athopes.
Um
uh and then I listened to Maps
afterwards and then I started going
through and and listening to more of
these. AUB still remains my favorite uh
Billy Woods album, but like
holy [__] this this album was uh
a lot to take in.
Really good. Um don't know anything
about this album, but I'll definitely
probably listen at some point. I love
Bruce Springsteen. I have no idea what
the [__] this is. Absolutely zero clue
what this is.
Like I love Bruce Springsteen. Um I will
put my life on the line for like this
this five run of albums is like nutty.
I mean not the river so much but
still you know uh Jade Remover revenge
seekers obviously really like this
album. um
kind of concerned with how she's been
behaving lately, but uh that's a
different conversation for another day.
Um I listen to this cuz I I found I do
not know how to pronounce her name, but
Natalia's uh uh they told us Las Flores
album. I heard this when it came out and
like this broke me into a million
pieces. Like genuinely amazing album.
Uh, the title track is one of the most
beautiful acoustic
songs I've ever heard in my life, if not
the most beautiful acoustic song I've
ever heard in my life. Um, and so of
course I was going to go in and listen
to this, too. And this is [__]
amazing also.
The Ichoa is crazy. Um, I still like uh
Windswept Adan uh quite a bit more, but
still beautiful, beautiful album. The
Little Sims was good. Uh, not my
favorite. It's probably uh of of these
four albums specifically, probably the
lowest for me.
Um, which is still high because it's Lil
Sims and she's like the greatest of all
time. But, you know, I feel like it's
going to be really hard to top Simbi cuz
this this album is is generational. It's
It's like perfect.
So, one of these days, we'll see.
Um, haven't listened to this. I actually
don't know much about this. If anyone if
anyone has the
has the knowledge of of this album,
uh, give me the rundown maybe.
I would talk about the Mac Miller album,
but I'll like cry for like an hour. So,
let's try and avoid that. I love this
album a lot. Let's move on. Uh, the
Model Act's album. I really, really,
really, really like their debut album a
lot. Their debut album is one of the
reasons why Monarch exists.
On the other hand, this new album, while
good, just sounds like the same album
before, but less intense. And I was just
like, "Okay, that's fine. Haven't
listened to this. I need to listen to
the Backwash album.
Uh
Fluffy recommended it to me. I still
haven't. Um I'm very curious about this
just for the cover alone. I don't know
what's going on. It looks really cool.
The
the tags are promising. You know what I
mean?
Don't know what this is,
but it looks fire.
Um,
I I technically still need to listen to
this album. I'm like behind on so many
things right now. Uh, I heard some
people talking about this one too as
well.
Uh, ASAP rock. Not ASAP. ASAP rock. Um,
have not heard this either. I I like
Weather Days music. I still haven't
listened to this.
I like Calli Cheese. I still haven't
listened to this. I literally have so
much I did listen to uh the FK Twigs
um because I love uh Magdalene a lot and
this is a really great album too. still
need to listen clipping because everyone
keeps telling me to and says that I
remind them remind them of them
sometimes.
Um I've listened to
the self-titled
I don't think I listened to this one. I
definitely haven't listened to this one
too. Classic case of furry charting and
then people getting mad about it.
I will listen to it though. Um, the
Stereo Lab album I probably need to
listen to, I would imagine.
Um, oh
hey, so Black Country New Road, right?
Um, my hot take
probably they probably this probably
really is a hot take is uh Forever How
Long is their best album
and anyone's free to fight me about it.
I I will die on that hill. I think all
three of these albums are amazing,
but this is the most fun one. and the
most interesting and lush one. So, I
don't [__] care, man. Like, you guys
can go have your like weird like
depression post rock albums. Like,
that's fine. I'm here to like for the
for the joy and beauty of it all.
Here's my other hot take. And this is
someone who is like a Skrillex scholar.
This is Skrillex's best album. I mean,
this is better than Bangerang. This is
better than Scary Monsters. This is
better than Quest for Fire. I mean,
almost everything's better than Don't
Get Too Close. It's better than Recess.
This is Skrillex's best album.
Like, period.
I love how much this does a little
victory lap around every era of Skrillex
in one place. It's awesome.
Um, I have to listen to this Cheerling
album. And that's what scares me the
most about my my listening cue because
this album is very likely going to be
terrifying.
Uh, the Sheerling album.
Sheerling is the same uh as is by Alex
Kent with uh Sylvie Simmons from Sprain.
And this album is one of my all-time
favorite albums.
And it's one of the top three reasons
that Monarch exists. And what really
terrifies me about this
um
is that this this like really stings.
This like really stings to look at for
me. But these are the these are the
[__] stream numbers for Monarch of
Monsters right now. I mean, Play Dead is
sitting at 540K,
right?
I go to Sprain
and
this album has significantly less
overall streams than
than than Monarch.
Um,
and this came out a year before.
And there's something that really rubs
me the wrong way about this. Um, cuz
like without this album, Monarch doesn't
really exist. And it's like,
how did we get here?
It's It's just a thought that I have.
I mean, twice the monthly listeners,
too.
but at 100 103k.
So, I don't know. I don't know. It It
rose me the wrong way because it's like
I I Monarch came after and I was like
really really inspired
by by that Sprain album.
People don't give Spain enough credit.
They they were really pushing the
envelope for for noise rock stuff
and they're they're they're they were
clearly informed by
um they were clearly informed by a lot
of the sources that I was researching as
well to make Monarch. Like they they
knew their [__] for that album. And it
makes me really sad because I think a
lot of people are going to be turned off
by like the sheer harsh noise of some of
this album, but like this is such a
this is like maybe one of the ugliest
albums that's the most beautiful. You
know, I think everyone should listen to
this album. Even if they don't end up
liking it, I think everyone needs to
hear what they can do with sound and
narrative with this album. very very
much. Um, content warning like
everything for this album too by the
way. Just whatever whatever content
warning there could be for just like
assume it's here. But
really really amazing album. First time
I've heard of Spra, but I always like
new stuff. I mean I mean a lot of this
Monarch doesn't exist without this
album. That's how integral it is, I
think.
Yeah, the live version of God or
whatever you call it is is it ruined my
life in the best way.
Um like this [__]
This these evil these evil cords.
[Music]
Conversation
with the lamb
go
this
[Music]
well
and your soul.
[Music]
I've been well, too.
Thank you for coming.
[Music]
What nice weather.
And that does the whole like
I get to the part.
Yeah, this part. Um, a volume warning
slightly for this. You not
take me
into your
consideration.
[Music]
The whole song building for 14 minutes
towards that sound is what makes that
even more impactful, especially after
the track list being what it is. Um, and
just the rest of the song carrying
carrying carrying suit and [__] This is
a really incredible album and how much
they use atmosphere.
More art than music. I mean, same thing.
Um, but
yeah, really really important album and
uh really important album. Um, but I
have to listen to their new thing still
and I'm scared of it because I'm
assuming it's going to be
scarier than uh Lama's effigy. So,
privilege of being intro is straight up
jump scare. I mean,
yeah, a little bit.
[Music]
It's funny. I always think of this song
as like being very calm, but it isn't
really. Anyway,
um,
by the way,
wallpaper reveal.
I could finally use uh all the Love and
Pony step art for my wallpaper now.
Kindness World.
Oh, this was drawn by Okado
or username Limo Okado.
That's like my favorite. That was like
the greatest.
Um,
so proud. So proud of my creatures.
It is kindness world.
Yeah.
Um, I will go through one Love & Pony
Step project except for Love & Pony Step
because that one will take too long.
Someone uh if I were if I were to go
through one Love Pony Step project,
which one would it be right now?
Actually, there are some that I can't do
cuz I need to like
uh change some file names so that uh
can't backtrack all of the samples just
yet.
But I know which ones those are.
Worst rave ever. Live, love, love, too.
I think I can't do love and pony stuff
because that one's too long. And then
um
probably Jester and
Digital Flower Field I can't do right
now,
which sucks cuz Jester I have a lot of
fun things for.
Wait, why not dual-headed hydronoid?
Why can't we do dual dualheaded
hydronoid?
Oh.
I was like, "Oh, no." The funny thing is
is that when I was getting ready to
release the album, like I knew that like
the most divisive songs in the album
were going to be like Worst Rave Ever, a
Dualheaded Hydronoid. Um, both of those
songs are obnoxious as [__] on purpose.
It's basically the two filter songs. Um,
I think everyone I think most people in
my general audience are going to love
those songs. I think people outside of
my audience are going to be really torn
by them and that's the point. Well,
here's the thing. Uh, we're here to have
fun.
Do Hydra is the best song on the album.
You're like wrong, but like I think
you're really awesome for having that
opinion.
That is like a really awesome opinion.
Worst drive ever is because they can't
handle [__] sassy ass valley girl
[__]
And it really shows. They were They
weren't in They weren't there.
The kids The kids don't know what
they're missing.
I mean, the dualheaded hydronoid would
be I could do dual-headed hydraoid.
That one will be like
kind of quick to do cuz there's not a
lot going on in it.
Where's my project file?
There's my project file.
Yeah.
I I I'm I'm like I'm I I love Worst Rave
ever. It's one of my favorite songs ever
that rhymed. Well, it kind of rhymed,
but just the same word. It might not
really count.
Imagine 120 tracks. There's a lot of
tracks for dualheaded hydronoid just for
like little FX blips and stuff.
I haven't seen anyone mad about peace
live lately in terms of meiku.
I must be looking in the wrong places.
I don't [__] care though. Oh my god,
that's me. Okay.
All right. How many tracks do we have?
What Mac am I running? I'm running an uh
Hold on. I don't remember the specs.
It is
Apple M2 Max 64 GB of RAM.
Anyway, uh here's dualheaded hydronoid.
We're being dominated. Go on the
aggression.
[Music]
Gummy.
So, obviously we have the droidica,
our little droidica lasers. A fan of
those.
[Music]
Okay. So maybe it might be good to talk
about the sausage of an 808.
At first I was like worried that this
this 808 wouldn't work, but it ended up
really working for me. Usually I don't
like like high sizzling boiling
distortion like that cuz it sounds like
really cheapo sometimes. Um but in this
case I think it actually ended up really
working. Um and the way this was
achieved is actually this was on two
different tracks. I rendered the it to
audio cuz there were some
inconsistencies when it was not an
audio. But over here you can see
[Music]
it was uh let's take off all the effects
really quickly. This was an 808 that was
just a very very simple one at first.
And also this is even pitched like this.
So if we take out the pitch envelope
that's the original 808.
So the first big part is the pitch sweep
which is does this.
And then the way we get from point A to
point B with this thing is
first is a distortion which is from
Saturn which goes from this to this.
Really just the low-end tape stuff going
on.
Then another Saturn which is doing more
more tape distortion, but this one has
some EQ filtering as well.
And I liked this for its [__]
artifacting.
[Music]
Okay. And then we get into this where
ironically this highp pass move actually
makes it louder
because there's more headroom for
everything. Now
then another EQ which does this whole
fixing up this 210.
Taking that out a little bit. You're
huge. Help me. What are you doing? Get
out.
Help. Why are you so big?
That was weird.
You're so mean to me. Don't ever do that
again. Fab Filter.
I'm growing. Okay. um, Shaverbox. And
this is basically transient shaping,
that first part. Um, here's here's I I
was talking about Shaper Box the other
day. Here's one of my favorite use cases
for Shaver Box is you could obviously
mess with transient shapers and
compressors all day you want. Or you
could just load up Shaper Box, change it
to envelope mode, and actually create
the shape you want to transient shape it
with absolute precision cuz you can see
the waveform behind it. Um, so I did
that and also added a a distortion shape
doing this as well because of that fat
crunch. But the big heavy lifting is
actually being done by Ableton's roar on
shards mode. So this is doing a wave
folding technique where it normally if
you have if you have a sine wave
incoming it it'll shape it based on this
shape here. Uh and you can sort of do
that calculation with the waveform um
being this shape instead or being well
that's the afterwards um
being this shape instead. Sort of like a
rounded square. Um doing the same sort
of transposition with this. Uh it's
really noisy and it's really jagged and
it makes it do this.
turning that off
and back on.
That's That's what gives it that [__]
nasty zipper quality. I call this the
zipper 808
cuz just it just sounds like you're
you're dragging an eternal zipper.
Love the animation for that, too. And
then we have rift for a tiny bit of
stereo width. Not a lot, but there is
some.
[Music]
Um, another EQ move where I'm taming
some of that width
and also pushing it even further with uh
this frequency.
Another EQ move, more more tone shaping.
And you you guessed it, another EQ move
with mainly shaping the mids again.
Then I basically shove that into a
compressor like this way
[Music]
and then into a clipper like this.
And that clipper really rounds out
everything. And then I rendered that to
audio and we get the sound.
[Music]
I took the the best fluctuations and
used those for the actual 808 cuz roar
and rift together make it for a really
unruly sound. So I tried to find where
the distortion was the most consistent
and
this is just a really [__] annoyingly
fat 808.
[Music]
And also in the background we have these
some some growls that I made. This is
part of a bigger growl set.
[Applause]
[Music]
So, I think I actually made this growl
with
a sadistic tushi voice sample as the
source wave table or something,
which is why it's called the balloon
champion base.
[Music]
Is this the same same growl technically?
Yeah. So, same deal there. So that's in
the background there.
[Music]
Uh fun about this.
This is actually taken out of uh Jay-Z's
Tom Ford for some reason.
[Music]
I just like the I just like the tom in
that song.
Call me steady. Hop in the pony.
Sacrifice.
[Music]
Where is that FX sample?
Just call me steady. The pony sacrifice.
Are you
This is from cupcakes by by feather.
It's the ac capella. Are you ready? Are
you Are you Are you
This is from Death Grabs Tachion because
they have an a capella for it out and
all between and beneath every fragment
of reverse.
[Music]
I found this. This is like a sample. I
don't even remember where it's from.
And basically I took that and I reversed
it here so it sounds like
had a dream where you sold lifestyle
somewhere. I'd love to actually to be
honest.
Double face paranoid you down and flip a
coin. I'm your I'm your
advice. Yeah.
on that ride.
So, most of the work here is in the FX
section. So, I'll solo this really
quickly.
[Music]
So, I think the obvious the obvious
question is, is this the Strider sound?
And it totally is.
[Music]
the strider death sound from Halflife 2.
Um, down here I have the Z chant cuz of
course I do.
Four striders died to make this ch this
track. Definitely more than that.
I have the wheel up in here because it's
a [__] broep album.
Um
the Star Wars ass laser sound.
that's the golden eye silence thing.
There's the droidica
dummy.
I don't even know what this is from.
This is just a gun sound. Um I used to
play this I don't even remember what it
was called. There's like this mobile
game for the iPod touch in like 2012
that I used to play where it was like a
sidescrolling FPS game uh and it was
online and the gun that I played with
all the time made this sound. So that's
what I chose for this I guess. But I
don't actually know where this comes
from. It was not Call of Duty even a
little bit. This was 13 years ago. Call
of Duty was not on the app store.
Here's my Here's one of my favorite
samples in the song, too. Is this
Doodle Army? Holy [__] You might be
right. What the [__] Hold on. That
sounds really familiar. Whoa. What the
[__]
It was Doodle Army 2. You're right. Holy
[__] I haven't seen this in a million
years.
Holy [__] It was this.
It was like actually this.
I was playing this on the iPod. The iPod
touch. Do people still play this?
Huge question. That's you. Yo, [__]
shout out.
Oh my god. Yeah, it was literally doodle
army too.
Holy [__] This is crazy.
Doodle Army stream.
Okay. Well, there you go. I I picked the
the sound that I remember from Doodle
Army 2.
So, anyway,
this sound,
what this is,
uh, does it have effects on it? Yeah, it
has these. Let's turn these off for a
second. 4 2 4
2 4 6 2 4 6 Great.
[Applause]
Not bad, right? They were
this was I think I don't remember if it
was buckball or some other sport but
it's like the episode in season 9 where
the the student six or whatever do like
the the cheerleaders cheerleader squad
thing or something like that. Um and I
took that chance.
Let's get the whole thing. actually
we're the friendship.
Let me let me see if I can actually get
this on on screen. Hold on.
Friendship squad chant LP.
Tear squad debut. Is this it?
Yeah. Here we go.
Wasn't talking about
the most.
Okay. Here we go.
Nervous I've ever been.
Sorry. can't talk right now.
We sure hope Dash being nervous is a
good sign.
Over and over and over again. We'll
cheer for our team till the very end.
[Applause]
Every pony in the crowd is your
favorite.
When I say friend, you say ship friend.
Friendship.
Welcome every to the halftime show.
We're the friendship and we're ready to
go. We're here to cheer and get you all
excited. If you'd like to join in, then
you're all invited. It's a simple cheer,
so don't chime in late.
It goes 2 4 6.
That's part right there.
Then you're all invited. It's a simple
cheer, so don't chime in late.
Go toar
two.
Up in the bony, bring out the juicer. Up
in the bony, bring out the juicer. up in
the pony. Break out the juice dummy. So
this is the way
that me
up my alley. I'm taking the entire
head on me like I your mom.
I'll be cutting you down and I don't
give a [__]
[__] in bed. 1 G's could drop the sun
be in a shed like gas eat
the pony bring out the juicer up in the
pony bring out the juicer in the bony
bring out the juicer dummy sir this is
the way in the violet pony getting the
quick scopes hop in the violet pony
playing with the
on top of my [__] when I'm at the lowest
game. Maybe I should know this.
And of course, the uh this part
is not actually a sample. I just paid
him to say that. Why are the kiddies in
the town scared of the top five videos?
Because this pony became the crunky
champion. How? By getting the quick
scope all day and playing with the boss,
stop whispering to the fishy. Fishy will
just tell you to open up the cans. Stop
opening the cans. This is the way. Bring
out the juicer to sing about the happy
life. Hop in the violet pony. The music
never stops. No, this way you fry the
fishy.
So that was just cut from that. Hop in
the violet pony. Getting the quick
scopes hop in the violet pony playing
with the boss
[__] when I'm at the lowest. Something
about the game. Maybe I should know
that.
Wait, I like looking at the melody the
melody uh grouping and it's just this
one sound. It's just this one. That's
the only thing I considered melodic.
This entire song is just has no melody
whatsoever.
So great and powerful. We are magic hot
like pirates and crunk like tyrus. So
greatly powerful like Tyrus.
Shout out Tiberius
cuz I'm crunk like Tyrus.
Crunk like Tyrus. So great and powerful.
We got magic inside us.
[Music]
You really sop
dance on your every single head spin.
Break the neck in the grin. Where do you
think that I've been, [__]
Oh, wait. In this part also, there's a
let me pair these both together.
It's like I technically I'm trying to do
like basketball [__] but like a
basketball has less of a resonant
frequency, so it's really just a
dodgeball is actually being used. But
use your imagination. Another
aspect in here is I have this like
drum line sound that moves the rhythm
around a lot.
I think compared with the drums, this is
actually like super cool cuz
[Applause]
[Music]
I like that aspect of it.
do it for the win.
It's something that's worth mentioning
also is that um
these vocals aren't sped up.
So I I am actually wrapping these uh the
it's uh with the vid stuff, it's never
it's almost never sped up. It's always
usually at the exact speed that I did it
at. So if I just take this off, this
might be embarrassing sounding, but
we'll see. is about to see a calculated
[__] [__] in Houston how this game
is rated head for every face every taste
every cell
it out try it out try it out babe stop
that rain I don't give a [__] the shade
silly boys I'm [__] bra yeah
masquerade ball
[Music]
in the pictures I'm calling your mommy
100% in the modern talking so yeah that
was me actually rapping uh
It's just it's not actually sped up. The
only thing that's happening is the pitch
is going upwards.
[Music]
I don't give a [__]
I keep seeing takes of people in the
same pages being like, "I [__] hate
when she raps." And people in the same
comment section being like, "I [__]
love when she raps." It's like really
funny.
Uh, I'm definitely going to do it more
cuz I have so much fun with this [__]
And I think I can actually rap now
compared to like the past. So, I'm going
to keep doing it. Um,
anyone who doesn't like it, it's like,
you know, I don't know who you are.
Congratulated.
Okay, this is where all the fun samples
are actually happening cuz all of that
was just practice. Here comes the actual
interesting samples. First and
foremostly, is this in the bass section?
Yes. In the bass section, we have this.
[Music]
Let's take off all the mixing I did to
this.
[Music]
And what this is is a song
Paul by Gilliband. the song.
I forgot this is like really quiet. Hold
on.
I have it on my computer. I can make it
louder.
It's that baseline.
[Music]
First of all, one of the most evil
baselines I've ever heard. It doesn't
even have like a normal pitch. It just
slides around.
But then when you hear what it manifests
into,
[Music]
It's not a night long
again.
She's the jack. Call my daughter Paul.
She's the jack. Call my daughter.
Yeah, this part's insane when we get
here.
[Music]
This song is evil, dear. This is evil.
And if you don't think it can sound more
evil, then they do this whole situation
with it.
[Music]
[Applause]
And then here here's the here's the
actual insane part. Oh god.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Anyway, it's one of the the most evil
songs in history. The reason why it's so
evil sounding is because it's actually
about transphobia
is the point of the song. So, that's a
whole situation.
So, the baseline here.
[Music]
Uh, the song is Paul by Gillib Band and
it's from the album Holding Hands with
Jamie. If you watch the music video for
it, which can be extremely disturbing,
you can see the clear transphobia,
transphobic narrative that they're
trying to show like a horror film of.
Um,
but that baseline is
used here
just briefly like this.
Put stomp in that ring of fade. I don't
give a [__] Silly boys
in the lobby. I'm not taking pictures.
I'm calling your money%.
And this sound also
is also from Paul. I'll take off all the
effects I put on it.
Up in the morning, bring out the juicer.
Up in the pony, bring out the juicer. Up
in the morning, bring out the juicer.
This is the way. Up in the
juicer.
[Music]
Then there's this part.
[Applause]
[Music]
which is the song Dish It Out by James
Chance,
which is uh this
[Music]
end.
I'm tired. I'm a firefot.
[Music]
All you out
it all up and all right there.
I want to take it out
of my
[Music]
So that's
disabled here.
[Applause]
I also didn't like time adjust it, so I
left it like completely as is so that
the conflicting rhythms would make it
sound even noisier.
[Music]
And then the other thing is this
which is the song Marshall by DNA which
is this
[Music]
Got it.
Oh, that bass.
[Music]
So that's what's being used here.
up in the morning.
Also, that thing at the end there is
dishy or Yeah, it looks dishy,
which comes from uh
[Music]
laaba
la.
So, so that's just that
kindness video of the world.
It is kindness video of the world.
So, there's like the most of the
interesting things of this project. Like
everything else is pretty just like I
guess standard just samples or scents
that aren't really doing too much.
Um, hearing the uh the vocals by
themselves is going to be fun.
This hypocrisy is calculated. [__] your
[__] and juice it out. This game is
head, every taste, every self. Angel,
it put a stomp in that rainbow. I don't
give a [__]
Yeah, masquerade on that ball. 328 on
that.
Wait, where was that? Meow.
What?
Not that one.
Meow meow
meow meow meow
hop in the hop in the lobby. I'm not
taking printers. I'm calling your money.
Put you on 100% in the biscuit. We're
still modern talking.
Also in the in the statistic thing, you
can still you can hear some of the chess
sounds.
Hop in the bring out the juicer. Hop in
the pony. Bring out the juicer. Hop hop
in the pony. Bring out the
I think I should be able to find which
one of this is.
Stop this cloudy man business. Do this.
Hop in the pony. Bring out the juicer.
He said the thing. He said the thing.
Stop this cloudy man business. Do this.
Hop in the pony. Bring out the juicer.
Sacrifice the juicer. You got to be
crazy. Be the mad man. Sacrifice the
pony. Sacrifice everything to bring out
the fatty queen. The chicken tries to
hide behind the teeny pawn. You munch on
the pony. Attack the rookie. Tommy saves
the rookie. You win the juicer. You win
the game.
Also, we got a we got a new one. Hold
on. We got a new one.
Down. Excellent.
Excellent. Hold on.
I have beef with a baby. So just punch
the baby.
Look, you idiots. Just punch the baby.
So obvious.
But we already got the bishop, so we're
already extra happy.
So,
this is this is one of my favorite ones.
I should have sampled this on the album,
but the [__] the sentence he says in
this.
So, I don't know what's going on. Maybe
he went to make some breakfast. You
know, it's too early in the morning. Uh,
breakfast is the way.
Breakfast is the way.
Arya, what do you think?
Yes, I think breakfast is the way. Like
whatever, Ara. Okay. But like
anyway,
hop in the pony, bring out the juicer.
Hop in the pony, bring out the juicer.
Dummy. So this is the way. Up in the
juicer. Up in the morning.
Also, uh, what was what someone say? I
have to scroll up for a second. It was
the This album has been an absolute
fever dream with how many sound bites
you used. I think you need to understand
that um Love and Pony Step the song
broke my record for tracks.
Um
I'm not going to show the whole 11 Pony
Start project, but let me open it really
quickly and I hope my computer doesn't
crash.
But we we
exceeded the track record.
So the original song that had the most
amount of tracks in it was
uh The Watcher on Mystic Acoustics.
And I don't even think there was a
really good reason for The Watcher
having as many tracks as it had. It had
around 300 something,
320 maybe.
And there's like not really a reason for
it. It was just like all the space was
used incorrectly.
So it was just a lot of repeat stuff.
But um
Love and Pony Step had over has over 340
tracks of audio in it,
which has which broke the record. And
there are some tracks in there that are
muted and are used as like um reference
tracks or for keeping files there, but I
still count them because I the project
actually crashed at one point and I lost
all the progress for one of the
sections. But I happened to have
reampled that section into one track. So
all the tracks that it would have been
were consolidated into one. I don't
remember how many there were, but it
definitely exceeds the amount of tracks
that are muted.
So,
okay, here's 11 pony step.
So, this this project probably looks
really really small right now because
Ableton did a new update where where
groups all take up the same amount of
space now.
But let's expand everything. Okay, this
is the this is the song Love and Pony
Step.
So,
Now, don't worry.
I mean, you can worry if you want to.
That's up to you. So, this this this is
this is Love and Pony Step, the song.
It has a few instruments in it.
And the thing is is in this section
here, which one is it?
So many opportunities
is this entire section of the song
is consolidated to this one track.
Because again, what happened was um I
was resampling the section of the song
so I could record over it with the vid
voice and change the pitching and
everything, but then my Ableton crashed
and I hadn't saved for the entire
duration of writing this section for
some reason. I was being really stupid,
but because I had resampled it, I still
had it in the Ableton files. So, the
only way I was able to revive this part
of the song was to just put the [__]
reample file in here.
And I don't remember how many tracks
this is, but if I play this, it's
probably a lot of them.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
That's all you're everything you're
hearing is consolidated to this one
track. So you'll see there are some
tracks that are muted either for
reference or for resampling and stuff.
Well, that one's automated. That one
doesn't count. Um, but because because
this entire part of the song is
consolidated to this one one area, I
technically consider the track count to
be accurate. So, if we scroll down here,
the official final track count of Love &
Pony Step is 345
345 tracks of audio. That's also
considering that the Tracy breaks part
here.
[Music]
A lot of her sounds are consolidated to
one track. So like um well these are
this the drums. Oh wait, I forgot to
expand the these
and these. Um
a lot of her sounds are consolidated to
single tracks. So,
these are the sounds that Tracy
contributed. And this parts,
this track is actually a bunch of
different sounds all in one, I think.
And that's just in one track here,
though, cuz it was exported that way.
I like this thing.
[Music]
And something else I learned from Tracy
while working on this song was she's the
one who made the kick drum for this.
This one
she made it so the kick drum was
actually changing pitch based on
whatever the sub was. And I know uh
that's a thing you can do to make things
have like better phase relationships,
but like the way it worked in here, if I
just solo the the drum and bass parts,
just
[Music]
it really makes it even punchier
sounding by just pitching the kick
around with the subbase. Um, so I might
do that more in the future because it
sounds really good.
[Music]
Now, contrary to what people might
think, uh,
the final drop of this song, this one,
this is all me. So, Tracy only worked on
this section of the song here.
So, this sound design here is all me.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
classic.
[Music]
Anyway, do not have time to go through
all the Love Post project, but I just I
wanted to show how many [__] tracks
of audio went into this. Once you start
getting to this many tracks, it's like
probably really confusing how you even
add things to it, cuz it's like you lose
track of where everything is.
Um,
but yeah.
I really like I really really am happy
with this song.
Okay.
But now it's like the album's out. I can
talk about the music and stuff all I
want now. It was so hard to just wait
around and uh Jacob Collier kind of
project file. Okay, here's the thing is
I don't technically think it's
impressive to have a a song with a lot
of tracks. Um,
especially the Jacob Collier case. And
also, I'm not saying that having 345
tracks in Love and Pro Step should be
impressive. What that should tell you is
that I probably am not organizing things
as good as I could. You know what I
mean? I'm not consolidating more things
and putting them in like, you know,
easier ways to see them all at once. Um,
some of the greatest songs you've ever
heard in your life are only going to be
four to eight tracks of audio, you know?
So, don't ever be like, "Holy [__] I
want to make music, but I need to have
345 tracks." Like, don't even think
about that. Uh, you could make a
worldbreaking song with, you know, a
drum track, a bass track, a melody
track, and a vocal track,
and that's all it takes.
G6 was like five tracks for the
instrumentals. That actually makes a ton
of sense.
And it's a great song.
I need to listen to that whole album.
I'm kind of scared that listening to all
of uh what was it? What was that called?
Something Wired. Was it Freewired or
whatever? I don't remember what the
album was called. listen to the whole
Far East Movement album would uh ruin my
perception of G6, but you know,
oh yeah, making music in a tracker helps
you learn constraints as well.
Originally, Web Punk was going to be a
song where I tried to use a minimal
amount of tracks as possible and I just
couldn't do it. And I feel like that's a
weakness on my part, but I just didn't I
couldn't get it to sound interesting for
me personally. Web punk used to sound
kind of very different. Hold on.
I'm so used to the current version now,
but
so here is the this one. I think it was
in 120.
[Applause]
Oh, no. It's in
[Music]
What tempo is this at?
The first demo for web punk web punk web
punk is from January of this year.
And it sounds like this.
Let's put this up.
Here's the original demo for Web Punk.
We're going to party
[Music]
baby.
Let me flip between both of them.
[Applause]
I can't tell my
file baby.
[Music]
And then if you compare this to where
into the later like chorus
[Music]
versus
This original demo was like six tracks.
I tried so hard to make it sound good to
my ear and I just I was just so bored. I
was so bored of this original demo.
Comparative again.
[Music]
But whatever, you know, it was an
experiment. I still want to try at some
point to make more songs with like
limited tracks. It's just my my brain
does not like it very much. And I think
that is a weakness of my artistry. I
think that is a weakness.
All of this to say, you know, if you
want to make music, you do not have to
have a million tracks on it. And also if
if someone else is like being like haha
look how much better my thing is because
of other thing well you know look at how
many tracks blah blah blah blah blah I
think I saw at one point someone
comparing the Martin Garrick's animals
project file with a Matton project file
and being like look how much better
Matt's music is compared to Martin
Garrick's like
they're like completely different styles
of music like they're both electronic
But it's like what's this comparison
even mean?
Anyway,
um
just cuz a project file looks boring
doesn't mean it's bad.
But in Web Punk's case, it was boring to
me. So, you know,
um
how much better the music is.
I wonder if I could find it. Martin
Garrick's versus Matton project file.
Yeah, it's exactly like I remembered it.
I actually got it completely right.
Um,
I don't have to go on Facebook for this.
Okay, thank you.
Here's the post. It's like it's like
nauseating. It's like really nauseating.
Look how much better Maddie is at music
than Martin. They're both good at making
music and that's like that's so
annoying, dude. Relax.
If you listen to both of their music,
you know they're both good at making
music and that's like that's it. You
don't have to be this way. It's
annoying.
And a lot of the tracks for the Martin
Garrick's project file, these are like
long things of like melodies and stems
and stuff. And a lot of the tracks
they're not really bringing up here.
The the m the Martin Garrick's project
file is still, you know, much smaller.
And yet you listen to a Martin Garrick
song and it it makes you feel some [__]
So it's like whatever, man.
And no, no offense because I prefer
Matton over Martin Garrick's, but like
Martin Garrick is the one who released
like the tracks that have gotten like
hundreds of millions of streams on
Spotify. Like you can't get around that.
Like talk about the project file all you
want, but Martin Garrick is the one
who's in the bag for this song.
[Music]
Is this the greatest song of all time?
Not really.
But like, you can't argue that he isn't
doing something with the limited amount
of tracks in that project file or
whatever, you know? It's whatever.
Impact font meme on Facebook actually
being relevant to anything impossible.
It's true. All love to impact font
though. Um, also as cheesy as that song
is,
[Music]
I can't hate it. It's It's like cute.
It's like fun. Like I can't hate it.
It's not great. It's not like the
greatest thing in the world, but like
you know I I I trust Martin Garrick's
production wise, so you know what? I
don't care.
Okay. Oh, that's my website.
Let's see if I know anything about
Violet Pony Music.
It's the only song you know.
Never Looking back.
Never looking back.
Nice.
[Applause]
It did the funny line
[Music]
samples every other song ever made
because I think getting to that point.
That's Mark of Harmony.
Shill your website.
I don't have much to show right now.
It's just kind of like chill. You can
click on the music tab and look at all
the music stuff. And uh yeah,
wait guys, you want to do like a really
big Don't tell anyone.
But I did put the uh you click on this
link and you can see the uh the story
for Getaway. You can see the story for
free here. Um but there is like a big
Joker's trick
and that is if you highlight the text
You can click this and uh the whole
album is here
if anyone wants it.
But don't tell anyone.
You have to let them find it themselves.
But that's my joker's trick.
Don't tell Violet. Damn,
Violet Pony would really hate it. She
found out people were pirating her
music. That would suck.
[Music]
What?
Huh?
I should know what this is. Is this
apparition?
Okay, I'm wrong.
[Music]
It was nurture.
Uh,
the nice
What?
Oh my god, is this Princess Cuckoo?
Okay, thank you.
I heard spoken word. That was like the
first thing that came to my mind.
Well, that was scary.
[Music]
[Applause]
Wait, what? Is that on?
Oh, I have completely forgotten what
song this is.
[Music]
Is this not Squid Galaxy?
Oh, it is. Okay.
[Music]
No idea what that is.
You'll
Oh, wait. Also, let me let me find the
[__] uh
Oh, no. Where is it?
No. Where is it?
No. Where is it? Hold on. Time to find
this.
Not the gifts.
Damn it. Oh, here we go.
So
four years ago
when
AI was a completely different beast,
it wasn't as uh you know, it wasn't the
way it was right now. Someone on Reddit
had posted
um
they had some AI thing look at the track
list of Porter Robinson's Nurture
and try and autocomplete it with more
track names. And I saved that image a
long time ago and I think it would be
interesting for everyone to look at that
list.
Life through trying to feel alive.
That's the original track list. These
were not on the album. This is the [__]
that AI came up with. I want everyone to
look at these for a moment.
Sometimes the world is a funny place.
Three of these are song titles that I've
used in a way. Um,
now a surprise is the only one I've used
like kind of verbatim. But these two I
changed a little bit cuz I didn't
exactly like how they were worded. Um,
but I still have something to teach you
became I've still got something to teach
you. And walking with a dragonfly became
walking beside a dragonfly.
I was like I actually really like those
song titles.
I would never do this now because like
AI has gotten to the point where it's
dog [__] stupid ruining everything.
But this was like a lightning in a
bottle because it was just before AI
started ruining everything. Well, not
just before, but a year or two. I can't
wait for the song you're in on Promise
Complex. Yeah. Okay. Now that now that
now that we've gotten through the Oh my
god, I've used some of these song
titles. Let's talk about the ones I
haven't used. What the hell do you mean
the song that you're the song you're in?
How do you find these random files so
easily? How good is your file
management?
This is the worst thing possible, but I
actually don't organize most of my
files. I just usually remember where
they are.
This is in my memes folder
and I just knew about the time where I
saved it. So, I went there and found it.
I don't know what's wrong with me cuz I
usually forget most things. I will eat
food and then forget what I ate like an
hour later, but I know we're on my
computer for
like by heart.
Anyway, the song you're in in your heart
you can't see. I guess so. I guess so.
Before Smile, I would have been like,
there's no [__] way Porter Robinson
would have a song called One More
Saturday Night, but after Smile, I'm
like, maybe he would have a song called
that now. You know what I mean?
Um,
gorgeous.
Now, a surprise is great. Dumb things to
do in love. This sounds like
This either sounds like a
2008 new rave song
or 1947 oporadic piece.
And there's like no in between. It's
either one or the other. You know what I
mean?
Or the name of a sitcom. Yeah, true. Why
not both?
Poory Robinson completely acoustic
cheesy love song album win. I would take
it. I think we're I think we're
unlearning shame musically. I think
everyone's unlearning unlearning shame
and everyone's just doing things that
are nice for your heart. I'm obviously
left this one out. Let's Let's talk
about this Pilgrim featuring Farel
again. 2021 when AI was still funny and
good and reasonable. Um, what the hell?
Where did Farel come from? Where did the
where did the AI infer that Porter
Robinson would collaborate with Farel?
When did it infer this?
I only have one folder and it's
downloads at 6.8 8 GB. Okay, let me show
you my current hard drive situation
up here, if you will. These are the hard
drives that are plugged in. I have a 12
TB hard drive that's unplugged right
now.
For perspective,
um, let me go to the here's the here
here are the master the Violet Pony
master files, right, for everything I've
ever released. I want you to look at the
size of the Love & Pony Step folder.
That is 64 GB.
For perspective, let's go back to
Winter's End. Winter's End is 2 GB.
You could say that more goes into these
albums these days.
NASA computer a little bit.
The new Macs are really good. The new
Macs are kind of crazy.
This isn't even a new one anymore. I
think I got this in 2022. Was it? Might
have been 2022.
I don't remember anymore.
Can't believe you made Winter's End 30
times now. 11.7 is 32 times better than
Winter's End. Confirmed. It's true.
I'm pretty sure I still have the
Winter's End project files. How much RAM
do you have? 64 GB.
Septinf does have his own fold. Oh, I
forgot this was on screen. Yeah, Septinf
does has have its own folder.
I just been reading chat.
When will the winter end? I don't I
don't know.
I don't know.
But shout out Living Pony stuff folder.
Has everyone gotten a chance to read the
uh the lyrics booklet yet?
Cuz I put I put my whole ass into this
[__] thing.
Huge fan.
That's my load star, my baddy.
For the web punk page, I put my
my completely legal version of Nero's
welcome reality on screen.
These are all real, by the way. This is
an actual fake I fake like trainer card.
Um, all the dates are completely
accurate to the computer files.
So, if I type
I go over here, I type July what was it?
Oh, was it July 5th?
July 5th, 2010.
For the record, I've been a Meganium
truther my whole life. What? There's
like a whole I've heard like a whole
recent like thing of people like hating
on the the Meganium evolution line. I'm
like, why? Who's getting mad at who's
getting mad at my leaf my leaf creature?
Savvy said is misogyny
is misogyny.
Okay. So all all of the photos for the
most part. Oh, let me double check.
Aside from things like the Cadence hat.
Uh,
is that it?
Yeah, the only the only irrelevant photo
in this entire thing is the cadence hat.
I just decided to have it there for fun.
Um, every other photo and every other
page is relevant to the song in some
way.
Um,
one of the reasons I have the Giants
World Series thing here is because um, I
actually used samples of the Giants
winning the 2012 and and 2010 World
Series. Was it the 2010? I don't
remember which ones they were. Uh, the
Giants winning the World Series. Um, and
that's where you hear a lot of the
cheering in, uh, corporate illustration
and, um,
uh, walking beside a dragonfly.
And the reason why that's super relevant
is cuz obviously there's a lot of like
wrapping up my homesickness arc with
this album cuz I got to go to the Bay
Area for the first time in like almost 6
years and I got to like heal that part
of myself. So, Love and Post Step was
like sort of concluding the homesickness
arc of everything. And I was thinking a
lot about like sports and and when the
Giants won the World Series cuz it that
was a really big deal cuz they don't
[__] win anything.
And uh
sampling that as like kind of the ode
to, you know, old Bay Area stuff. Um,
and Kayfog, the whole
thing where you hear the K-fog tag in
in corporate illustration is Kayfog was
the old uh Bay Area alternative rock
station
that got shut down right before I left
California.
Um,
and it shutting down was was a big to me
a big thing of being like, "Holy [__]
Spotify really is killing radio, you
know?" So that's like super relevant to
corporate illustration cuz that thing
Kfog which I had grown up 20 years of my
life hearing every single day of my life
every day I went to school was Kay Fog
you know wherever we would go it was
always Kay Fog was the station we were
on um and suddenly in 2019 they're
pulling the plug on it
and at that time I was starting to use
Spotify and I was like that was like
crazy to me.
Um, and I think a lot of people uh in my
generation don't really value radio as
much. I mean, I don't really listen to
the radio much anymore.
Um, it's inconvenient a lot of the time.
Um,
but it's like a lot of people don't
think about how much uh radio
necessitated a lot of the sounds and
feelings of our childhoods, at least in
our generations over here, in my
generation. Um, because, you know, with
the convenience of a million trillion
songs in your pocket now, it seems so
underwhelming to consider radio a thing
at all. Um,
and
I don't think anyone I know, no artist I
know has ever paid homage to like Kay
Fog, their radio station. The only
people I know who ever like really
talked about K-fog shutting down were
like older people, you know, people who
are in like their 50s, 60s, 70s now.
I don't really hear anyone in my
generation talking about it. So I was
like, I would really love to just pay a
little bit of homage to it in falling in
love with corporate illustration, you
know, in honor of the fact that [__]
you know, radio dies to streaming, you
know.
So that's a really important thing to me
to just include that here.
Just rambling about that.
I want to know what font this was
because I have no idea how I made this
uh forum signature.
Also, I don't know who is uh will you
post the individual songs on YouTube
non music or will they just be on every
other platform ever? Yeah. So, over the
next year, I'm going to post the backlog
of Monarch, Love and Pony Step, and
Girls Who are Wizards to YouTube one at
a time. Um, which is going to be great
because I'm going to be really deep into
working on
promise complex and fairy tale stuff.
And what I was thinking was, um,
I don't know necessarily when or if I'm
going to rewrite Mystic Acoustics and
Homewards fanfics. Um, but
let's let's assume at some point I do
rewrite them. I think it would be a
really neat thing to do. um where once I
finish the story for one or both of
them, uh we do a premiere of Mystic
Acoustics andor Homeward
um as a full album on YouTube
because um you know, Carousel was when
we started uploading the albums in full
and I haven't done that with the other
albums and it's like I think that would
be a really cool thing to you know
announce the rewrites with the albums
coming as a whole video on YouTube and
premiering them. That helped introduce,
you know, people, a lot of the newer
listeners to all that stuff at the same
time. So, that's my thought.
Also, this is the original seductive
turtle heart.
That's like the actual seductive turtle.
One to one. That is it.
So, you know,
that's history,
that's TV, that's television.
Nice.
Okay, I'm going to do a couple more of
these, then we'll start gaming and lose
half the audience
[Music]
overrun.
[__] Mary Hill.
[Music]
I just want you to notice me.
Help me.
Now announcing the bird right said hello
right
the bird is typing
moonlight said hey
hey nice
Uh, sugar bell.
Are we like almost caught up with this?
Holy [__]
I think we could actually catch up with
this 188
Harper
Mark of Harmony.
[Music]
Good grief.
Look at me remembering fish whisperer
songs.
Nomad
[Music]
in the name of friendship.
Okay. Okay.
Wait. Let's lock in. Let's lock in.
[Music]
Uh, the Colossus.
This is no matter what. But which one is
it? 2018,
[Music]
2017,
16. There we go.
[Music]
Oh, it's the new daybreaker. Thank god.
I can tell by the drums, but
No,
no.
Is this um swarm?
Sounds like the clerk's part of swarm.
[__]
Oh, colorless.
[Music]
This is a I was afraid, but I'm just
changing my
I had to turn on a flashlight to change
my audio volume.
[Music]
I almost have the audacity to ask what
song that was.
[Applause]
Okay, we're getting there.
[Music]
He actor.
Oh,
[Music]
almost had the audacity of ask to ask
what song that was.
Come on now.
[Applause]
Nope.
That colorless again.
Why? Why do this to me?
Why do this to me? I have to change my
volume again.
Okay,
I got this
again. Almost had the audacity to ask
what song that was.
[__]
I don't know what song this is.
Could this be on the sea?
No, it's not.
I think this is hair fest.
[__]
[Music]
One of the only good Queen of Met songs.
Nice.
[Applause]
[Music]
Ha. Ah,
type rider. No.
Oh.
Is it an Odyssey or Odyssey? I don't
remember.
An Odyssey.
[Music]
I turned my volume all the way up.
And I can barely hear anything with that
one.
It sounds like something fading in or
out, like a drum, some sort of drum
thing in or out. I think it's either
protagonist syndrome or
syndicate or one of their surrounding
songs. I'm going to go with protag.
Okay.
Oh, it was none of those. It was a
different kind of magic.
[Music]
Okay,
we're so getting there. Only a few more
to go. And we've completely caught up
with the punnel bit.
What?
What has a resonant that intense
with that level of noise?
Is this is this um
City of the Silent?
Okay.
[__] Is it not?
Oh my god. It was a roses.
Okay.
Okay. Almost there.
Is that was that the song name?
That was just Prince of Aia.
[Music]
No idea what the song is.
Okay, I hear that one more time. Thank
you.
What switches do you have? Holy pandas.
No clue. Okay.
Help.
Like you worked on these or something.
Like, you'd be surprised at how hard it
is sometimes, Harper.
When it gives me weird noises that don't
make sense,
like this. What am I supposed to do with
this?
Fish is landing.
No.
I help.
It's not even that. It's [__] hypogar
festival.
But let me make sure I spell this right.
I [__] spelled ember so wrong. E
ember. Um,
but I typed Fisher's Landing cuz they
these I heard the intro segment that was
like bleeding into it. So I was
technically right the first time by
technicality.
Get the Greek one.
No.
[Music]
Okay.
Fake V. I know.
a second of earnest. No, that doesn't
make sense.
Literally, just give me two seconds of
Give me a half a millisecond of earnest.
No, that doesn't make sense.
[Music]
Okay.
Ernest is that good. Yeah, it's too bad
that Alo and Lotus as a supporting album
just isn't good enough to handle
Earnest.
I should do the thing I was doing
yesterday in Call where I start fixing
all the albums. Hold on. I'll I'll talk
about that in a second.
Is this everything Glimmer? I can't
tell. No.
Said not again.
I'm going to do it again.
[Music]
Come on. We're almost there.
Two more to go.
Are we ready to get no matter what
twice?
No. No way.
No matter what. Twice in a row. That's
the first ever happened in a single pel.
Holy [__]
That's nuts. That's awesome. And it's in
sequins. It goes from 2012 to 2013.
Nice.
[Applause]
I don't usually do verbal interviews. I
did the one with Ninnie cuz I like I
like trusted Nitty to do a decent
interview. So,
I don't like answering the same
questions over and over and over again.
Like
what are your inspirations? When did you
start making music? Like why do you like
My Little Pony? It's like oh
I'm so sleepy.
If if someone dares to ask interesting
questions in an interview, then maybe
we'll maybe I'll do another one.
It should become pontle. It should be
called pond. I don't know why it's this,
but it's fine.
Sure.
[Music]
Last one.
[Applause]
[Music]
Uh-oh.
Oh, this is a
I was scared for a second. I was afraid
for a second.
This is a pond speed pond speedrun.
Yeah, I think I just finished it. Let's
check.
I'm going to get really dizzy from this.
Daddy said who?
Okay,
I've done every single violet panel.
We did it.
We are completely caught up.
[__] They should do a hard They should
program a hard mode just for me. That
gives you less time for everything.
Not even, you know, they should add a
competitive mode for me in specific
where all the times are cut in half and
there's a there's a 30-second timer for
all of for all of them.
Who are you? Who are competing against
me? I'm competing against me, Violet
Guesser. That's what this is basically.
Uh,
hold on. I'm gonna do this. I'm sorry,
Bean. I'm sorry, Bean. I'm sorry, Bean.
Let me go to the
canon catalog.
So, I was doing this last night. She's
tired of it. Uh, everyone's like, "Oh,
why don't you like put Queen of Misfits
on like physical or whatever?" And it's
like
because the album isn't like good
is probably why.
Um,
and I'm like,
uh, I could improve this album a lot by
doing Yes.
I know people are going to get mad at
me. I I know people are going to get
like mad at me,
but like everything in red, just delete
it. And that's how you make Queen of
Misfits like a better album.
I know people are going to get mad at
me, but it's like fine.
This is how you fix the album.
And then also the songs that remain like
do them good instead of like bad.
It was released right before the
pandemic while I was like getting kicked
out in from California, moving to
Portland.
Misfits of
Misfits of Queen of Misfits is actually
really clever.
You used to be gentle and kind. This
isn't the way being it's like fine. It's
my own music. I can be mean about my own
music as much as I want. Uh, I think
Queen of Misfits is technically the
worst offender of all my albums to have
this much like filler that I don't like.
Another thing is colorless.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm
sorry.
I know.
The thing with Colorless is a lot of the
songs that I'm going to remove aren't
bad. It's just they don't feel like they
belong in the album.
bugs. Well,
don't get mad at me.
You're adding color to the track list.
It's not colorless anymore. Um,
every dream I just don't like. That's
just like a like a a lesser prom night
Equestria. Nectar I do like this song,
but it feels completely out of place for
this album. Guinea Pig Dreams I think is
really cute, but it has nothing to do
with the story. And Diaries I kept I
just don't like
everything else can stay.
Wanderer, nomad, and magic [__] I
liked I agree with most of the removals
except for three songs is kind of a lot
of songs actually but
no if you like the song then that's like
completely valid you know music is so
subjective you can like whatever you No
if you like the song then that's like
completely valid you know music is so
subjective you can like whatever you
want um
I think for diaries I kept it's like I
don't like the production on it very
much. Uh, and the mixing I don't really
like very much. The drums and diaries I
kept are like really thin and they're
super like fake sounding for a song that
where it really shouldn't sound fake
sounding in my opinion.
Um, would you change anything on cutie
marks?
All right, here we go. I was avoiding
doing this. You asked for the cutie
marks one.
So,
okay.
No one can be mad at me cuz this
everyone asked for this.
So,
here's how you can fix cutie marks is by
deleting those songs mostly.
Okay, let's let's let's talk about this
for like everyone relax. Let's talk
about this for a sec. Let's talk about
this for a second.
Um,
Syndicate is one of the worst mixed and
mastered songs in the history of the
universe. Like, not even just in my
discoraphy. Like, one of the worst mixed
songs in the entire world. It It has no
excuse being as garbagly like mixed and
mastered as it is. It is just
unacceptable to me. Um, and same thing
with non-existent Mecute. But
non-existent me here has the additional
issue of like the vocals and the guitars
just not being good enough.
I don't feel like it belongs in in the
album.
Goodbye Van.
You killed Bean.
No, Bean's back.
Announcing
uh it just I don't feel like it belongs
on the album. Even if it is like Scroo
related, I just it's just like whatever.
Harper, I love this song actually. It's
just
the engineering for the mix and master
is like really bad compared to the rest
of the album. It's like super muddy and
like I need to fix that a lot.
And How to Kill a Monster is very
similar in that the engineering is
really bad. A lot of the like drums suck
ass to me. It's like this song could
have been done so much better. And the
thing is is that cutie marks and before
I think we were talking about this
already the other stream was like I was
not locked in. I was like really still
doing this all very like casually. Not
casually but like I wasn't putting my
all into it
after cutie marks my quality my
standards and and quality expectations
you know I set those properly
file and set mm. You like marks don't
you violet?
Wait, what did
I need to read what you said?
Daddy said,
"All right, here's here's what here's
what Bean wants wants for me,
apparently." Read what you said.
Daddy said,
"All right, here's here's what here's
what Bean wants wants for me,
apparently."
Wait, who's playing Spongebob if I'm
Squidward?
Moonlight said SpongeBob.
Okay, I guess I'm meeting Spongebob. Um,
true.
Anyway, here's the thing though with
Queen of Misfits.
I'm probably going to redo that album at
some point and I'm likely going to do
the changes that I put on the previous
thing. Colorless. I don't think I'm
going to do that.
because I don't think I'm going to
remake Colorless,
but if I do, I would employ those
changes.
However, with Cutie Marks, even though I
feel this way about the album, I'm never
going to remake Cutie Marks or
or like reissue it in some way with
every all the issues fixed. Because I
think with Cutie Marks, despite how dog
[__] the engineering is on Syndicate,
how inappropriately performed the parts
on Non-Exant Meud are, the mixing issues
of Harper and How to Kill a Monster and
a Tickophobia just not feeling very
relevant. Despite all of these things,
this is the album where I feel like
that's the most appropriate for these
things to just exist there. Anyway,
because Cutie Marks was such a
desperate,
like necessary attempt at expressing the
things on this album, I didn't give a
[__] about the mixing. I just needed a
lot in different albums. But with
Cutunie Marks, I wanted to push that
that envelope really really far.
Um,
and this is the first time I was really
trying to push it really really far.
It's a beautiful mess. That is a good
way of putting it. Um, with Love and
Pony Step, I feel like I accomplished
doing the genre shifting with
consistency. It's a beautiful mess. That
is a good way of putting it. Um, with
Love and Pony Step, I feel like I
accomplished doing the genre shifting
with consistency this time. And so, Love
and Pony Step is sort of my cutie marks
redux in a way, but I'm not going to
change Cutie Marks as it is. I I I
like I I I want Cutie Marks to stay this
way. It is really, really, really
flawed.
But in this case, I think that's really
important for it to exist that way. But,
you know, Queen of Misfits, I
I don't feel that emotionally attached
to like Queen of Misfits like current
state of being, so I will bulldoze the
[__] out of that. I don't care. I just
want the album to be good.
Um, okay, Violet. So, I know you say the
songs are muddy, but I have one
question. Who the [__] asked? Um,
nobody. It's just me.
A lot of people praise Cutie Marks. Even
even after the rateear music bombing of
uh 2021, the scores have been going off
everywhere. It got a [__] must here
on album on on album of the year. I'm
the only one posing these questions.
But, you know,
I think I think that just means I've
I've become a better artist for myself.
If I heard these issues in someone
else's music, I wouldn't really care as
much, you know? It's it's sort of who's
yelling out.
It's sort This is sort of just for me. I
don't really think this way about a lot
of other people's music very much unless
it's super egregious.
Do you normally bounce around between
tracks and when making an album or just
pick a song and work till it's done? A
bit of both. So, for Girls Who are
Wizards and Monarch, I tried out a new
technique where I basically was demoing.
I I basically started with a track list
and then made different demos until I
had like a a demo for each song on the
tracklist. And then once I had those
down, I basically went through
chronologically and finished each song
until it was done. So, for example,
Monarch of Monsters, once I had a demo
that represented every single song in
the track and worked on Play Dead until
it was done, then went to The Heretic,
worked on the Heretic Till was done and
so forth. That's what I did for um Girls
Wizards and
Monarch. But for Love and Pony Step, I
broke out of that one. And what I did
was basically I was jumping around, you
know, I had a faux track list up.
Sometimes I would get a new idea out of
that one. And what I did was basically I
was jumping around, you know, I had a
faux track list up. Sometimes I would
get a new idea for something that wasn't
on the track list that I'd added to the
track list. And um
this would just be a back and forth of
stuff. The the album sort of developed
by developing it, which might sound
silly, but it's like I had an initial
idea and as I did more things, I had
more ideas that contributed to the
previous ideas. So I would do those. Um,
with Love and Pony Step, I was finishing
songs while I didn't even have demos for
other songs.
Um,
I think one and two while half the songs
in chapter 3 didn't even exist yet,
which is very different from my normal
workflow. Um, because I really wanted to
be in a different mindset when I got
into chapter 3 stuff. So, I wanted to
make sure everything else was like, you
know, handled at least a little bit more
before I started demoing stuff for
chapter 3 stuff. So, I wanted to make
sure everything else was like, you know,
handled at least a little bit more
before I started demoing stuff for
chapter 3.
It's also worth mentioning that when I'm
like super critical over my old work,
most of the time I still do so super
adoringly. The only thing that I don't
feel that way with is like stuff that's
been recconed because I feel like it's
just, you know, toxic, unhealthy, and
like dangerous to have those things up.
Those are the only ones that I look back
and I'm like, "Oh, this is not okay."
Um,
with Fish Whisper, um,
I don't remember the transitions being
very
difficult. I actually think I like the
transitions in Fish Whisper, but I could
be misremembering. If you could tell me
which ones you think were awkward, I'd
be curious.
I'd be curious about that.
Being an outsider to music production,
is that uncommon? That kind of work
though? I honestly don't know.
I just know what I do. I don't really
study the way other people do stuff very
much.
What are some projects you recommend for
a new producer? Do you think it's better
to jump into study and exercise or just
full send it? Well, first of all, what
kind of music are you anticipating
making or you just doing whatever you
feel like right now? I think it's a good
place to ask that question first.
No ill shall be spoken of Fish Whisper.
I mean, Fish Whisper has its flaws.
I like all the songs on Fish Whisper. I
wouldn't get rid of any of them. Even
the interludes I'm fond of. Um, Fish
Whisperer's main issues are it's mixed a
little too hot. It's really hissy.
And uh, I was trying out some new
mastering ideas that didn't really work
out well. So, a lot of the songs have a
little bit of extra distortion that they
don't need to have.
I think the biggest gripe I have with
Fish Whisper is a lot of the vocals are
not mixed properly.
Making Break. I'm trying to move myself
closer towards your work and Patricia
Tax's work more work mainly my struggle
getting space in my songs for lyrics.
I think uh one of the best things you
can do is there's a technique where you
take
I think uh one of the best things you
can do is there's a technique where you
take other people's songs and you cut
them up into different their their
respective sections and then you use
that as a guide for writing your own
song.
So, oh here's where the chorus is and
vocals happen here. Here's where there's
an instrumental section and that happens
there. Basically, using someone else's
song as like a skeleton for
understanding where things go. You don't
like do the song over again. You just do
your own stuff over that, but like using
the section as a guide and knowing, oh,
vocals. And this is a technique that
like a lot of people use. A lot of your
favorite musicians have all done this.
It's a it's a technique that's gone by
like probably since to the beginning of
recorded music.
The fact that Jed Will is on Love and
Pony Step means that there's now only
one degree of separation between you and
Marshmallow. Um,
the fact that Jed Will is on Love and
Pony Step means that there's now only
one degree of separation between you and
Marshmallow. Um, I've actually been one
degree separate of one Marshmallow for a
while cuz I I know other people who know
Marshmallow, but it's like fine. Um,
Jed Will and I Jed Will and I actually
originally linked up years ago
and I actually asked Jed Will 2 years
ago if he wanted to do a track together.
He was like, "Fucking totally. Let's do
it." Um, and then I we didn't actually
do it for two years.
And it was like 20 I think it was four
years ago in 2021. It might have even
been you who tweeted this or someone
else, but I think it was you because I
recognized the username associated was
like, "I wonder what a [__] Violet
Pony and Jed Will collaboration would
sound like." And then Jed Will did the
whole like eyeball emoji about it.
Well, I'm not in contact with Danny
Brown, but anyone's free to send him my
way. Problem is, I don't really I
haven't really listened to his music a
ton. I've listened to his music, but not
like very frequently.
But I do like Atrocity Exhibition, the
really good album.
You having collabed with the Living
Tombstone before makes you one degree of
separation from FNAF at Freddy.
You having collabed with the Living
Tombstone before makes you one degree of
separation from FNAF at Freddy.
I mean, um, I
I've I've worked with with with
Tombstone quite a bit, actually,
like a lot.
Um, things have shifted around. So, um,
it's hard to say, but
this is kind this is kind of complicated
to explain, but like I've technically
been an in-house producer for The Living
to Tombstone since 2017.
Um, but things have shifted around so
that the Living Tombstone is now a band
and I'm not a part of the band, but I've
been a part of the group collectively as
a studio since 2017
in a small way, not like a really really
like huge way, but
um, and we we're we're we're
I would absolutely not rule out us doing
more stuff together. Great music though.
Do you have a method of writing lyrics?
Oh, I've talked about this a bit. What I
tend to do is
usually with songs, I will write down
very plain phrases like thoughts and
feelings that I'm having. I'll put them
into different sections, you know, how I
want the story to be told. And then I
start taking each I'll put them into
different sections, you know, how I want
the story to be told. And then I start
taking each each phrase and sentence and
being like, how can I say this in a more
succinct and like proper way?
Um,
let me see if I can if I can get an
example.
That annotation was deleted. What was
deleted?
What annotation was deleted?
And also I was like really confused cuz
someone had put that calibari spider was
the person at the start of the song
which is like not true. It's Adrien
Lanker but it's like really funny if
someone assumed that. Um anyway
really funny if someone assumed that.
Um, anyway,
what is a good song to do this with? I
mean, probably Angel with a long shot.
Okay. So, here's an example with with
this line. The and you know every one of
my weaknesses. Um that was a really
short way of me
culminating these thoughts together. My
thought was when you've been together
with someone and you break up with them,
it's like all of your vulnerabilities
and all of the like things that bother
you, they know all these things now.
They know everything that pisses you off
and like hurts your feelings and stuff
and then like when you're separate it's
like they just have that for themselves,
right? And it's like a little it makes
you feel even like kind of scary. So I
wrote something very similar to that
just verbatim just like and then I I
found that sentence through that
if that makes sense.
Um, some things also come up as themes.
So, the idea
um, some things also come up as themes.
So, the idea of being thrown out of
heaven,
uh, is is used a lot in the album. So, a
lot of the times when I have a theme
like that,
um, I'll find a way of articulating that
with relevance to the lyrics and it
means something different in each song,
but it will stay with the theme
in some way.
Some of these should be pretty simple.
It's like, I'll tear everything out, I
rearrange it, and I never see me as the
same [__] It's just like I'm about to
change as a person and I don't know what
direction it's going to be in, but it's
going to be really radical and really
different and it's going to be kind of
scary for everyone involved.
You know, just write [__] like that and
then find a way to whittle it down into
a sentence or two that feels like it has
like a a a nice level of proity to it.
I don't usually think about
Oh, sometimes uh I don't really think
too much about the mechanical inner
workings of of writing lyrics. Um I
don't always try to rhyme either. It's
just sort of if it feels like it matters
for me to rhyme or not.
Um,
I think whenever I do employ something
that's like technical, it's usually
incidental and not me being like, I need
to do this thing. It's usually just
incidental that I'm like, oh, this like
when as I'm doing it, I'm like, oh, this
actually I understand what makes this so
strong. It's it's because of this like
particular way I'm employing things. If
that makes sense.
And then occasionally sometimes I will
just hallucinate a phrase that I think
is cool and then think that like this
could be used in the song in some way
like and an angel with a shotty is just
angel with a shotgun but like shortening
shotgun to shotty cuz like you say
shotty and like counter strike in Call
of Duty and [__]
like hooves up high and an angel with a
shotty. This line doesn't really mean
anything. It just sounds cool.
So don't don't discount that you can
think of a cool phrase and just use it
and you know it can someone else can
find purpose in it.
Um actually and also
Angel of the Longot is actually a
four-year-old song.
It was originally called Courier
and Just Courier.
Originally called Courier
Here's the first demo of it.
[Music]
And also those are Derpy from My Little
Pony. That's who's vocal chopped here.
And you might be asking yourself, how
the [__] is that happening if she never
sings? Basically, I found all the parts
where she has like an autotunable tone
and chop that up into this.
Even this part, my favorite part is
this.
That was the first courier demo. Then it
was this one.
[Music]
[Applause]
In the mirror of social, I wish I could
tell what's up with you. Accepting every
signaling in the mirror of social cues.
I wish I could tell what's up with you.
Accepting every signal just
the messenger.
Both of these demos are from December
31st, 2021.
I wouldn't touch it again until 2 years
later with Courier Demo 3, where I
mainly just changed the drums.
[Music]
[Applause]
And that's what that was. And then I
wouldn't touch it again until
uh a year later and then it would become
this one. Does it piss you off when I
sound like this? Your anger makes it all
worth it.
Hardcore team deathmatch.
[Music]
[Applause]
I
one thing one thing after another one
[Music]
just do it yourself. Why don't you shoot
the messenger?
[Music]
And then of course finally
half a year later that would become
[Music]
[Applause]
One day, one day I'll do another one.
One thing you would rather one day, one
day. Just do it yourself. Why don't you
share the message?
I know.
No. Uh, do these demos take long for you
to make this one or this one?
[Music]
This 48 second demo.
[Applause]
I wish I could tell what's up with you.
Accepting every signal by a trust zone.
Yeah, you shoot the messenger. I wish I
could tell what's up with you. Accepting
every signal by zone. Yeah,
the project was created at 2:39 in the
morning and the demo was exported at
4:18 in the morning, which means it took
2 hours to make.
This is kind of Fish Whisperer. I
somehow see it. Yeah, because this was
being made when I was like almost done
with Fish Whisperer.
which makes sense.
What else? Oh, I can finally show the
worst rave ever thing.
So,
worst drive ever obviously sounds like
this.
Let's go. M3 Productions presents a
Lucario Pictures original movie.
Worst ever.
[Music]
Hardcore search and destroy.
Equestria.
It's not that serious.
So, what this is sampling is a a song
called Club 3Q,
which is something I wrote. I'm going to
show you that. I'm going to show you the
date for this.
Here's the original date for Club 3Q,
November 23rd, 2013.
And here's an old date for Club 3Q,
And here's what it sounds like.
[Music]
So, I originally made that demo 12 years
ago and then it became uh obviously
became this Sleeping
in the finest beds in Equestria
AJ.
And it's not that serious. It's not that
serious.
So that's that. Also, the worst worst
rave ever had a couple of different
phases.
Let me see if I can get the uh what did
what was the first demo here?
Worst ever.
Hardcore search and destroy.
Here's the original drop.
You can be like, "Yeah, whatever.
Whatever. Whatever.
[Music]
That was a That was the original worst
rave ever idea. And that guitar sound is
actually from that one Beck song, Loser.
Also, everyone can tell everyone in
Pilcourt can tell you that I spent way
too much [__] time
um remastering and mastering Worst Rave
Ever over and over again to the point
where it became a joke where everyone's
just like
trying to get me to quit remastering
Worst Rave Ever because it's like a
drug.
because it took a really really really
really long time for me to get like the
song to have that much bass.
True.
It took a long time for me to get that
song to have that much bass and also be
really loud.
Cuz that's a lot.
[Music]
Basically, if the song inputed into the
mastering chain even.1 dB louder, the
entire song would start distorting and
fall apart. That's just how how on the
edge that song was with his bass.
It was a lot to deal with.
And then also
I the the annot
and then also
I the the annotations I did a bunch of
annotations for dualheaded hydronoid
here but I wanted to 30 second wolf
children review uh top 10 movies of all
time. Moving on. Um
my favorite one is this
If you see you'll see a lot of these and
it's like one one sentence
one sentence or well that's two
sentences
one sentence you'll see this but the one
that has the longest is this what stands
as in the whole album 100% of the [__]
cuz he's still modern talking um
modern talking is a sound inside of
massive it's demonstrated here.
So that's what modern talking sounds
like. It was used to make a lot of the
early 2010s brostep music. And um in
2011, Knife Party released an EP called
100% No Modern Talking, which is also
funny because Porter Robinson made a
song called 100% in the [__] So 100%
doubles for 100% in the [__] and 100%
No Modern Talking. Um, at one point
Modern Talking, but my absolute joker's
trick is that a lot of the sound design
on Love and Pony Step uses the Modern
Talking Wave Table,
even things that you don't think would
be it. One of my favorite examples of
the modern talking stealth sound
is One of my favorite examples of the
modern talking stealth sound
is
this.
[Music]
That giant synth at the end of Dragonfly
was made using the made using the modern
talking wave table and I should be able
to have the
the file I made for it. Hold on.
So you can hear here I'm experimenting
with
the modern talking wave table.
You can hear at the beginning it's
almost perceptible.
That's the modern talking wave table.
And it might be hard to understand
what's happening here, but I'll explain
that. Basically, I'm taking the sound of
modern talking and modulating the pitch
of it or modulating a phaser or andor a
flanger of it at audio rates. So it's
vibrating at a rate where the vibration
itself would be audible on its own which
when you do that to a parameter
and here
I have the modern talking going through
the audio rate modulation and going
through a pitch map to get the sound
[Music]
and going through a pitch map to get the
sound.
[Music]
And so that
I used to make the
that section of Walking Beside a
Dragonfly.
[Music]
Used to make the
that section of Walking Beside a
Dragonfly.
[Music]
[Applause]
And so what what people do not realize
is that this single line cuz we still
modern talking reveals it in 100% no
modern talking. And I said we are still
modern talking.
Because we can make this sh sound fight
the trope that they think it exists in.
And that's the beauty of music.
You can do whatever you want.
So, a lot of the growls in this album
are made with with the modern talking
very stealthily. Like,
you can literally do whatever you want.
What percent modern talking is LPS? I
would say that 90% of like the bass
sounds in this album have modern talking
in it somewhere.
But there are lots of like melodic
elements all
right when right after Arya says be
brave deeply underneath you can hear
modern talking.
Be brave.
You hear that? That's modern talking.
[Music]
Be brave.
You know what else has modern talking
is underneath the slow dance. If you
listen very carefully to the bass
[Music]
only
let's go to the slow dance stems really
quickly. Here's the Here's the base stem
for slow dance.
[Music]
I'm sorry guys, but your acoustic ballad
folk rock song has a [__] modern
talking bass as the low end.
I'm very sorry to have to tell you this.
This is and and this is my Joker's trick
of love and pony stuff.
So much of it is modern talking.
Anyway,
well, here I did here I went again
speaking for two and a half hours on and
not gaming.
I need my Cheetos. I'm going to still
I'm going to still answer questions in
chat, but
I'm not going to be pulling up stuff now
because I'm going to start gaming. But
um
huge fan of Love & Pony St. It's the
best album I ever made. Very proud. And
uh yeah,
make sure that my Firefox is over on
this monitor so I can see it.
Okay, there's that.
And the Firefox is over on this monitor
so I can see it.
There's that.
And there's that.
Oh my god.
Okay.
Right side up.
[Music]
What's your favorite Cheetos?
Technically, mine are f my favorite are
hot Cheetos fries,
but I'm having Cheetos puffs right now.
Just the normal ones.
[Music]
When are we getting the remastering
worst stream ever stream? We don't have
to do it again. It's fine.
Where'd everyone go?
Everyone hasn't left yet. We just
started. Just wait for it.
I think it makes sense why a lot of
people leave when I start playing the
game because it's like I tend to not
talk very much when I'm gaming.
I'm not like a crazy ass streamer and
it's going to like try and make a joke
every 10 seconds and keep everyone
engaged. I just like I just like
chilling out.
Thoughts on Noctu? What is Noctu?
It's It's Is Is this a scary game? I
don't know if I would say that. Is it a
horror game? Yeah.
Drop from 94 to 96. What is happening?
Are we talking about album of the year?
It's been at 96, I think.
This review got about halfway through
this album and just had to turn it off.
This is like Skrillex if Skrillex had
zero redeeming quality whatsoever and
was totally unbearable. Other than a
couple of decent moments, this is an
otherworldly cringe album that feels
like it's once again trying to be
annoying bad on purpose, which seems to
be the case for most albums that are
pushed up the front page on this,
excuse me, excuse me, on the front page
of this website.
Oh, cute. It's cute. It's cute.
Now he said black. Okay.
Wait, no. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait.
That's like fine. But I saw this review
on the No Matter What EP.
Is he really funny?
This EP genuinely pissed me off. Not
because the music itself was bad, but
Violet pretty much just takes the piss
out of genuinely pissed me off. Not
because the music itself was bad, but
Violet pretty much just takes the piss
out of good Christmas songs that are
universally liked. Waiting between good
intentional instrumentals and whatever
the [__] track three was. No matter what
is a painfully disappointing parody and
I literally can't rate lower because
that would signify that I thought the EP
had a low standard of quality. It had a
high standard of quality. It was just
made by some two bit [__] who hates
everything that is universally accepted.
[__] this. I don't need this energy in
me life. I'm going to bed.
Help me. Help me. Help me.
I'm I'm sorry, but like can like the
positive reviews ever be funny like
that? Why is only the negative reviews
are ever like funny?
Everyone who's like rating their root
music like highly or whatever, can you
be funnier?
Okay. How do I play this game? I forgot.
Holy [__] A hexagon pieces. Beautiful.
They got so mad they had to go sleep it
off. I like the LPS one that calls you a
terminally online sklex and how it's
just basically just googling what people
do.
I don't think I read that one.
I don't know. The negative reviews tend
to be a lot funnier than the positive
reviews.
I also find myself getting kind of
annoyed at more positive reviews than
negative ones cuz the negative ones I
can at least like see where people are
coming from sometimes. Some of the
positive reviews like everyone's like
taking the piss out of [__] sometimes
and it's like I can at least like see
where people are coming from sometimes.
Some of the positive reviews like
everyone's like taking the piss out of
[__] sometimes and it's like a little
bit illinformed occasionally.
There are like three directions I can go
right now.
Wait, I think this was a door for a
second. I mean, it kind of opens.
Oh, I don't have bits.
No is the guy that made Dashar about
four years ago. I think it was in
Counter Strike. I don't know what that
is either, believe it or not.
the castle. Go to the castle.
[__]
Whoa. What the hell was that?
That was a pigeon, Leon.
castle. Go to the castle. Double game.
Looks like there's something over there.
Okay.
I've learned that seeing reviews for
albums is something I need to stop doing
cuz a lot of music reviews are annoying.
Here's the thing. I think if
someone feels the need to leave a
negative review about anything at all,
unless it's on something that's like
harmful and like negative and bad, I
think that the tendency to want to leave
a negative review on something like that
indicates a deeper problem with what
this person's priorities tend to be.
Obviously, you can have an opinion on
music and obviously you can dislike
something, but I feel like going out of
your way and being really mean about
something is like,
you don't have to do that. You can just
dislike it and move on.
Damn, look at the size of that.
I know. It's like a castle.
Those tend to be big.
obviously freedom of speech and
everything and like hold on once I go.
No, people can say whatever they want
and like
I know people are going to dislike my
music by virtue of like the fact that I
literally make every genre that I feel
like it. Definitionally,
someone's going to dislike it purely for
that reason. But you'll see. I think
when negative reviews actually hold
weight is if they're pointing out
something that's deeper than like
artistic intent or or or sound. It's
like
if they're if they're criticizing, you
know, the negative effects that this can
have on people, if the album is trying
to do something bad, you know, on
purpose, then I feel like that criticism
makes a lot of sense.
At the same time, criticism can also,
you know, encourage someone to improve
as an artist, even if the criticism is
stupid.
So, it's like it really is a triple
quadrupleged sword.
Were
we here before or is this a new place?
Fish farm. Boat fuel. Subobjective.
Church key.
Criticism helps people improve as
artists. Ergo, I will now be asking
trans women on the internet to be mean
to me about my music for improvement
purposes only.
[__] God damn it.
Well, now I have to deal with this.
Army
down the office.
Huh?
Oh.
Oh, wait. Get off.
Take a chill pill. Another
[Music]
give me the money.
Oh, hello. You're the first shadowed
holder of the big hammer. Was that it?
I think we are
I don't even know where I'm going.
I'm trying to get the boat fuel, I
guess.
Oh, I forget it's showing me where the
blue medallions are. That's like really
lame. You should really like I missed a
stationary thing.
It's like the objective is destroy the
blue medallions. The secret blue
medallions. Why is it showing me where
they are in the map? It's so like
whatever.
Oh, good one.
Do it again. Oh. Oh, nice. Oh. Oh, nice.
Good one. Try it again.
Try it again. You got this, man. I
believe in you. I believe in you. Oh,
good. Oh, nice.
You got this, man. I believe in you.
I believe in you.
Oh, good. Oh, nice. Try again.
There we go. Very proud of you.
Yeah. Come on now.
Go again.
Oh, they're having a one of those like
situations.
I'm not up there to stab them. Come down
here.
Come on.
Hi.
Thank you.
Something's going to pop up out of the
sludge.
Who's yelling? I hear someone yelling.
Hold on. Let me just uh
Oh,
okay.
Not as strong as it could be.
I also Oh, wait. There's this.
Can you chill?
How about maybe you chill?
What?
Okay.
Where did my other bolt go?
There we go.
Oh man, in here.
So many treasures to discover.
One down.
Sorry. Must have tripped, right? That's
his like situation. Sorry.
Sorry. Must have slipped.
Oh, there it is.
There's his famous line.
Okay, let's take care of that.
Quick scopes and RE4.
Uh, I was trying to earlier a few
streams ago. It wasn't working out very
well.
Where the hell is that C4? There it is.
Hi.
Hold on.
Oh, good.
Can we There's nothing to combine this
with, I think. Yeah, I need green. I
need more green.
I'm in desperate need of some green.
My name Grenal.
Lala.
That's from like Halfife 2. Bad
translation. Google translation, right?
La remember.
Where's that last C4?
Ew. Ew.
That was gross.
I missed a blue medallion. How tragic.
Good.
What?
This is what I'm talking about.
Are you talking about it?
Leon's tears on talking about like the
boat fuel every day of his life.
Ate the egg raw. I mean, I don't think
they really really have the luxury to
just be cooking [__] right now.
Okay, I got the road fuel. Here.
Here. Here's here's him from the front.
He doesn't want to look at the camera.
Like he's not unp pretty or anything.
What?
Out of the way.
Okay, let's let's see if I can.
Oh, we have to aim it first.
There you go.
What? That happened immediately.
And it didn't even kill.
Not bad, right?
Sure, man.
Not bad, right? Sure,
man.
Come on.
Next.
Hi boy.
Good thing I backtracked.
I should probably be using the bolts in
low stakes situations
cuz these [__] love to eat up
handgun ammo.
Then apparently grenades. Thanks.
Oh, I love snakes.
I just be collecting snakes.
I do like the way it feels to control
Leon.
A very satisfying movements. You can't
see or hear this, but my controller
rumbles every time he takes a footstep.
There's like a very satisfying weight to
it.
[Applause]
Oo, you have the stench of battle on
you, mate.
Welcome. Got a selection of good things
on sale, stranger.
I'll buy almost anything.
This is what I'm talking about.
Stop yelling.
Fine work.
A well-tuned weapon can make up for a
lack of skill, friend. Death
molding a to suit your specific needs.
Try that on for size.
knife needs care everyone. There you
are. As you wished. A job well done
deserves payment in kind. Wield him.
What can I do you for? Oh, my back is
killing me. Years haven't been kind to
us. I suppose.
Pleasant travels.
We be pleasant. It'll be so pleasant.
Really excited about snake.
Snake
Wama.
Welcome, stranger. I believe this is
your first time having a go at target
practice.
There's only one rule. Shoot the targets
as they pop up. Simple enough, am I
right?
If you do well, I'll make it worth your
while. Knickknacks and whatnot. Anyway,
have fun, mate.
Targets don't just stick around forever,
eh? Don't let the small fry distract you
from the big fish.
[Music]
3 2 1 begin.
Oh, I see.
That's the stuff.
[Music]
That's it.
Help. This is a tower defense game.
That's your
[Music]
You have a knack for this, friend.
Okay.
Well, Leon is a cop. The only thing
they're good at doing is shooting
people.
You're leaving already?
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh my god, Resident Evil 4 is a gotcha
game.
3 2 1 begin.
That's the stuff.
Superb.
Reload.
That's it.
[Music]
That's the stuff.
And that's the game.
Did I miss one?
I dare say we've underestimated you,
mate.
Wait.
Do come again, stranger.
Some of the targets are will
particularly sturdy.
Oh, I see.
One shot won't be enough for those. I'd
wait.
I'm understanding.
Okay.
So then what's down here?
What? There's a ladder. Just use the
ladder down here.
ladder.
Probably the boats.
Well, back to the old grind.
Do the Elden Ring.
[Applause]
Liana's out of breath. I mean, I would
be, too.
Who and why?
Hello, Dax.
Yeah, he's dead.
Playing the Dylan game.
Okay.
[Music]
Let the beast come.
Let it all happen.
Where did the harpoons come from?
Heat.
[Music]
Think you can swallow me whole, huh?
I think that's exactly what it's
thinking.
Heat.
Where'd you go?
[__] I'm sucking right.
You're fine. Heat.
Heat.
Christ. I don't think people can take
another hit like that.
Oh.
Okay.
So, lock in.
I don't think I think I think I
processed it a little bit late that
you're supposed to drive around
obstacles.
I thought I was doing everything sort of
automatically.
like that. I was supposed to dodge that.
[Music]
Think you can swallow? Call me whole.
Huh?
Maybe I can't watch that. I was trying
to
At the very least, dodge the trees.
[Music]
Where'd you go?
You son of a [__]
Why don't you try whispering to the
fish? Let's get Cany in here.
[Music]
Rivers running red.
No, my white boy.
[Music]
Oh no, he's got tuberculosis too. What
is it with my white boys getting
tuberculosis?
Official lamb. You will receive our most
sacred body begins now. When day breaks,
you too will join our covenant to share
in my holy blessing
forever
type character.
Condor one to roost. Do you read me?
Condor one, you've been radio silent for
3 hours. Are you all right?
Yeah, I'm fine. Won't let it happen.
Oh my god.
My swag obey snapback.
Oh, now you want the light.
Abraham.
Please sir.
Ababa.
Don't hit me. I whip my hair back and
forth. I whip my hair back.
Oh,
Leon, you're head.
Oh gosh.
Like can be very effective.
He's blonde.
What the
Hi.
That's my body,
dude.
A chill pill.
Oh, you're doing a situation.
Here
you go.
Done.
Baddy
that it was you
said lava.
What is this place?
A cave. Leon.
Some kind of shrine.
Same mark from the church.
Is this the key?
Stay home.
How do I get the church key?
Well, probably something to do with
this. So what?
Oh, I was expecting this boat to be ass
to control.
This is very nice.
We get infinite infinite harpoons.
I've got some new items in stock. Come
take a look. Welcome. I've got something
new for you, mate.
Rocket launcher.
Why not try your hand at a new gun,
stranger? Might save your life. Will
that be all then?
Ruby's all rubbish. It makes no
difference. The price, well, that's our
choice to make. There's some things
money can't buy.
Oh,
don't know what they use for this. Is
it? Yeah, with the gemstones and
everything.
Got a selection of good things on sale,
stranger.
Suit yourself, stranger.
Okay,
you have the stench of battle on you,
mate. He
has like three and a half voice lines.
Okay, I'm going to stop here.
Hopefully next time, next stream, I
actually play more of the game. Like I
just keep talking.
Why did I just press start? I don't
know.
Daddy said I was just about to say I'm
going to bed.
Oh, you're going to bed.
Lala.
Lala. Lala. Right.
said,
"But uh
thanks for everyone coming to the
stream."
Daddy said thank for stream not steady
world
said by a ripoff.
Hope everyone liking loving pony stuff
and
videos videos
type of character. Daddy said who by